Hanchuan, I didn't mean to
I really forgot.
Who would believe such nonsense?
I want grandpa to know that we are not in a relationship
You are so scheming
i
Or go and explain your little thoughts to grandpa
Or divorce
You choose.
Hankawa, I'm so useless
You will hate me more and more
What are you doing here?
I forgot to come to celebrate grandpa's birthday yesterday.
I want to say sorry to him in person.
Everywhere is not worthy of everything
Looking east and west is impolite
Your grandfather doesn't care about your apology
Sister Niece
I just want you to live well
Miss Xu got the wrong person
My name is Song Yawei.
It's Mr. Cheng's secretary
Yavi looks a lot like your sister
The personality is also liked by the old man
You can't help but be an eyesore
Get out
Let's go, the old man is waiting to see you at home
Uncle really doesn't let Miss Xu enter the door
After all, he is Brother Cheng's wife
If it weren't for his sister's accident
How can I go to his house and go to the city?
I didn't even see my grandfather's face
Will Han Chuan really divorce me?
What is this?